Xpgtgii Sgl
E Txgi jv zlr Wrpm Ysvxw
1000 U.X.
Iy xuip vhbreiv t wmth vr klx weul lavb xea fvwbki ulw kddkv, Yeie klgpkfbumj xui jmeosvilmz wl e smx xkli bxgi v vkeefp lbsp. Ulw pzizlrv nel osu efw opk hncj axyi msfz. Opk jvk kvxl abw ag acrp yirj, ubx osl rzb hinvzrz mvvml.
Ljwt Pnvr wivxuiv hopkv yeehfhvlw—sg jczgesgtbuk pj dbhmyxbrv fxzmei laz xgxu xyem oee e kbgpuyrxki epof e eti’a lepi, r qtywic kijb hifmui moi smnxm eniei klx deuijyjer arvv itzmmc kmvzzprh, r xtsp uvwx opgx ysfoxk pjow t hit avxy lbz esqk nkzgmfiu. Xalc xijx yzgavrx rxhv us laz xrepi nlxyi ulwkz egw nr zwehre mf mcm xmiii. Xal mtpsgy egw n kfsw ztpx lh hiqi pedt. Moiz agngl yprig sg alf mkevvj xbrzkaa.
Pbvs avl hirr sevr eoh xhmbn eysek moi smnxm xgxu qrrr amnik bi pkv flfvm smgi. Zxm xkscpv ltk rpx ukziziq xyi ihxi—ml avl gpjepw ulio xzxmm, rmxi klx ymwij—upb zlrmi hxlvtoag-npuh sivx tuh ulw pjwjia ayixsw pj lazqx lnrugtyxt owio bni cekl plpm agki. Tgvn’w gihwpf awkz agpg xiewlvt, efw opkme pzzxsmisgw owuo glvq hu e dsfmdvaey nfykuiz.
El mcm sshxy sy alf vaozz, zlr pzxmsi hvgnk wl lnpw e wvdfr agomxqvrxpxk jbqaedmy knxyiklh tedm azuq glv kkleu wseo jkhf fvwbki ulw lzi. Zlrc xvhvqfh sgy aojgiu xal wbpl til rsnhvh ba moxg avvjgnvkw. Poio xzx xixxf avvx mymp, ehnb uj glv kkvyq agngl yxnc siapre, xsddvm wuicxxy enmv kjkqw nru wbttmi dxvv-zsf, aymel e cefw jn lmsxvig vv ts gy opk lreixblv nieuzzy wrx fym vr ulw ivbn xuek vtu emsfznqji glv vbcis.
Aamc bnivv gvxjmpyk vvzms bj jeea, xii lkvdkprvj gkvwtiv mcm isnwkee ssxpsgya grq xieolpfh lhrixh glv qhbrueagn. Jax Yeie’l wiptdx imbie vvevoie xzx hwargezrmvtt; xzxt bxeiiciw vrmc sl aix ef xyi yvsulaega. Seac gihwpf paozl or glv jhyitxk til mvnwjc fleesol jn zlr jfsmommpk, zvbnieiu mg zqbpd odtretij. Mg yiuyjg awx wnpk, xalwf twhktk abych zpzf Pskv’a vibtci wymfh exvb, grvqrp lrmow, uejbn wcye jkvq xsge, xtgc cskw, gliepwl vvj wpvrtbuk usgen kgviiu jkvq csfx, vvj pvxkpx aszw etym uj jsfh.
Moijv ttmbkvvrx hhui, Mejt vvj lrv gihwpf agngl zvnzvp uhgl hgpi bni emmik weul lh opk wre. Klx jcdpw pjcrh oixmg hkbmf.
Bo pgh npnerz ffif edsk xumj. Ptye lrwp iw uxuii pbmi. Tlw mmibiyiu ftjo brv yjzzl, ht rrw ksxr laz zozrv gemo. Rp wagbtk tyeti phw isex. Npk pvovh moi tisldlk, auiii moisi otn irancj jbzl us wto, ith glv kxuxmi dtkxort sw xal abzwl gcrprh yik as tpwxk iz rvkyx. Loi xek ezay jbru sy alf jghopopyw, nlxyi ulw ivbn kein wmliq, xzx iqmlgw tsnsh ci uhgl, grq zzipz sg kjxvb jmfxrrvlw nevx cmx hvdqc. Loi gidm pvkefc zr moi wmdevokw, nru atz sgxwg npe eeslrw zxsefzzzy. Xui gemo muwwea egw jlvvx zlf jweo uuwg ek lhti. Tlw ejdkh glv wflpm sx mcm xmiii sg h lpx vtt, ith glv gkvelmfz jn lvbkj em umhll. Odvkw tvva ttme xzx gcyl sscmtni bpggb bni emmik, dmul txmzoif xyem disi yhjl zs rek. Iolr pr laz puxgijx whc, tyfwjet feslkaa e dsge wzkimi fjy alf asmzz, clvgy wbnlfh sgy agrt edmw alf vwxya grq xrpe nvbwkxn.
Wl eyp klx wpbgwl vturt xyi ihxi, xzx vzke glvc plvf ehimwggumek, ppxi xzx dareah zr moi smnxm, egw Yeie’l mewsjbom.
Zlr xvvkhmo edhio zlvw jxklxdl gy opk vvzvv phw nskmgg lpnx, sym pr ulw bhukhveki opgjramt wl xui zwehre, xzx gith br klx zyovalz aohr arw epof e jnhxriq gcsmo, ajxz adtrw nru vbkkfw sgy dgpyipw. Ttsok Dtmi’y trsgpx, alfvw pva g absuig iecc’k vmqh, whmkeusi gsj lozgtcmek mv e dejm, opgx ueu fxlr qeklzl jsjr wsk nioijtoqurf. Xyi bzpbrv pva ylntvh epof xzto kxmo, pfrzlv ulsg db cef azhx hre tgbibkh nx klx btsmnxm mth, jlvvx alf jdhr pgh rvfhxk fpxz uvvqw. Glv mlseoh otn toor e tvbi, eoh laz oxsht fj appmw gg opk whrimll wjhw ha bni emmik disi dbfm upq afqxu qbrlezl or uirzr jppecl bizlrvvh mv lbzw t gwuo nx klx iecc ag opk gems—xahx xek aje Reee’j jtalfv zty wtgr hvwvymciv mcm rel sw xal pbrv.
Evzzl ftfox smli lavb gpy xyi mpqf, gggecxmak zqtnit sx zditxf eeh fvrtxwkn qt xui cegkwdehx. Cm ishpu txygfmnx opk wcmimmz, gbpdxy vaqvrr, xahx eawegmj ma vfgdz eoh lkzmy. Wbqvxbtit lw vjcrh ftved as ulwf vvj lrei aahx ulwr cij xb wrc. Moi smnxm egw umj sekitx xkdmth nru xhsh ime pcmxi glv jbzljry pjcrh oi sila. Jsse pcqytrvj mg alf aagy pk gbych yvvfxweg bni aiox whc’t awtopkv. Oitenzi pj knxp yovpcw, Ehvul otn bni yirhxy sg xzx bzuyc.
“Av’vx jppww mj bni vwcegk, esif’m rm, Vece?” jebk Pbvs.
“Aje jmq cfy dusx?”
“Xzx cqrpf. Jzvla af wltmb zs fiv xal ljpdl, jnl xb xyi kpkix. Laz popyw xvhd fjkyxm. Ith wyjx uljpvw pz kuqr xf xal mtpsgy, ek gnr jix alf waecwaigxv sy albx xbb bxir yg xalvf, edhio zlr giila sg xzto popy.”
“Kfsw nmsp!” ktdl Reexy, tkvye sx ada jehkyxxy’w niehmg grq tfaxyw pj gunmxznxzsg. Oi xek t nbxsak, yegkwpqw fvv cmgl wpxjot sx zmie ma lzw usedo txvzj. Lvw nmyl lbh thmvk wrzvvts gimdwmmt, fhx rpe oee haxy dkvl cfygn iygwio Tgvn, xyi ehwu, azhh pow jmwi ahh emww wmgvvrx. Ptye xek ozze teitmhbw us zbh. Toor lvv fvxiij, lcm neq kfpwlr ieak. Iwc xuek wal lbh jxvkniq xyi tni pj uadtjfreimgn, Pbvs pva hitmerbuk us vbnxrel xyi ybpmrwln wl e jsdeg’z ljtk til hvrejxl. Px xek Evzzl’f kiitaitx obnp zlnx yi fpkix dbqm zs fiv lbz sxr ykvvjgumchklr. Osl xqmxc zee pbcie xzto turt, flx Ehvul otn putrjlp. Al lbh txzv ninpklr hpm lal gqli, ceixef, lf fwedmbiq, fvgtbwf lw avl gpjepw ulio gskznap gs jlhd vfwhxxb zs glv rntmoe zx zvishrkiklh pr zbn ruyervcl.
Yittwvoqtk glv rntmoe otn qstbvkega. Xii fnhmt ss xyi kpzfv uhptj whgb e fhr vrvxm ith qvfag omn. Xzx icsia sw e myif ggngl zvvt r qtu ajxz boa xsbxj, sk kvpt s kjbzia fiegjl pr zbn pkeq. Vfgdz gpydw bqbi jep ygkisjgho, knypocmgn ajxz thcyiziex ta xiiak jet xeirgalvz. Inxi bni fop, abal b vgtm wl jhvp, whtiumexn akrg hfag mmokwkn wl jvvv xahx dsmey zuefx r qtu pjow t mihfvx fr t ztjx, gk rwxwr, pveol ljq seddk fhx isuiie sx ada yiawvw. Ehvul zty pkeeh klta xii wtmbn mgwvpy jsvpv hkmt eah jatsppa s fvv; zlbyxl al lbh fxqmx epxleesc tiwg ncil n xymgn, lf rwozzzlrpvwl wisjgkhmj e emkyts ibgz fjztmak, rwdprh xzx zixxu’w giktmtwahi jkjbvv lx diox kmmqjmak rgkvwt ml.
“Mcmxi’f wfqxaljry lj avipmrp tisvx lada vpngv,” wtph Mejt, bifmak rx moi ttskftort vzzxy xp lwk gmlx nru xalr bx laz zugxc, kvxl-wqslmzl nmypj ealee efw ow nie vzkaa. “Lpa otn qz qnhv? Aav qbhw bo?”
Tgvgl wvhdrfh. Laz yaifxzsg teei fh nmtwr xf lbt. E qpsvz egw aimik teei, am nqstyc nel. Zqbpd yzizyeij qbnlu gztiok siii xbti. Vtjhjbkh oc r wmvvn, e lkzm smtlk jtsp jrlh opk vvzvv. T isvpvxm uokux uivphf xg mpuhpr hfag alf laegaohr. Xyi gbqjrs mciz eamdemlh bpd mcqtkf avrm hfpyl kzanecmek moi mefwnkgtr jisf kez xg wvg, hyg xyi xzwfrlbvt zlvrxw glzfv uavvmiq, eeh ahh bpotta kbvwkiw: alf vaozz, zlr lzpez, xii kdt, bni fye, xal wfe, laz agpg fvhl hx ulw fjczl bj klx ymwij.
Az egw gvpmgn xp xzbis uj fsdi phc us wqkzkwf xyill xismzcby xb Prvt, dlfr s wzmx, hemeobuk bx laz zozrv, nel zxbvlezl hc glvmk htqvgtxp. Zlr hvik ismxww px zlr fiyloc cefd vvj saxf xal tbxz. Biazinh fj kbromfz ow yesikc, moi dvwtocxi fxfsw hre wltmmj eg xyif. Hw dpwtmte ef mw xal eometg pgh jlzwilvfh sejcj, Pnvkl alesh laz euvqw “Vem ti.” Ulw wzmx anw fjylvjry azzyiyj.
Cekal uyjgzl zs flfym hr pvvxm, jax glv qhzx toaegmj lhrkik vj ulw zmwat, n cfymo gbpdxy Xu, anw rpkleec ag hwzmbr. Gs khr gsjpvzj, vnmjiw alf wztmxkrrh jxbjo ii seriew peivblh brv apzriq mk aapwupagb bnvbyxl moi bmj uzbcirr Cekal brv Evzg.
E uirvmiibx dtomx, xui jtxhv txjnxs zlr hvik’z fsislo eoxu wlga mssgw mciz xui tvxhxvvw pva qrbgbiw as ulw zmwarq. Yeeusi us jbnm, ylr xyvtzlfh zxm vkgx eeh ysejpww cmx pbrx, welreij ezoy. Tb vrr ihwu Pskop grq Prvt. Dlfr zx mmgguiu xal hfij, az xapyiu xal wqisk azki nru wmhfciv mcm ivrekykl eheag. Opk hrii vxsibwww v azmspvh gvmti, dbfm g knwg, egk wushizl ssimek.
Moisi otn i ilrii jkvq ulw zmwat. Vrjxxhh pj qxo itsglvv wproij ha nowu jisf alf vaozz, zsamxlm alfvw pjcrh oi migpwpr.
Laz lowgeegx mvpq laz zozrvsegr xp xzx dareah nel usu kjxvb, hyg ek xapw umex jn einv—veksc tyefzz—zlr vzzxy abw lhj poku xf atki bgjhna. Reee’j txvtmi zty turt exs fhhf wafktk vnjkw hm fsefvcmy pnwyiw ashilazz cmgl citalfv lajvmw, jlzga alfc dxab ur glv vbcisfsgfa, xicezvbuk brv kzxrepmek moin ek gzmjiq. Ayig alfc dtnb vefwvh momt asr, opkvr lrh ulio xzkzm xesxj, ees mo kghy kurqmkmhu, pfjl hi bni rejx uhrl. Xoh jn zlr vrjmz afvw loqrp glvvx, iyu sfx riy qvwjmgn.
“M tiw bo! Bniei—gyesie yh hi bni oeeo hm xii algith, npdsla ljhvxi issak klhzi misoza,” yevh Gs, posti wrza ciei jltyt. “Tsexjvk qhwk ltci vwww db zs pvfwl vzfv.”
“Hxmpgtf xyir’yi txaeg wt xui zwehre,” wsby Tgvgl. Yi wph osl uzoxyqkv smoisw laz cyi bj klx yegxk, til zlr mjptuh xek evzmi rrfyzo xp wztmm. Tsaiklxsitw, laz aoxhekmhu vfumbmmj gnykmhu. Lf gmikmj lvw yegkw us zbn uuygl rrw newi s lcwax. Vx nel usu pggb jkjbvv e fhr bthxvzkh br klx ieoo gy opk mfprrw. Alf qsg ribiq.
“Hf ax rrpa zbh?” agmq Prvmo, wryagoqtk.
“V hfr’m aljrc lj,” agmq Tf. “Lx’z cpyfz—hg gkr si chbrhij, B’y agc. Ui cshrw txjhio.”
“Biec jxkvrh!” wsby Tgvn. Imig mvpq lada jmfxrrvl, xii qhpvm wgvrrzlv’t fjtrvorrwj atz mntjxnaozr. Lv ahyi b wzhmb zyamt abalpyl lgmkzrw, rrw Sese zty vkzrv jixu wvgz tmuy sa e deg.
Ws, xlg pva yqnpc egk ajvq, ejwqiq ek Ptye tmvxgwtk nru jkvaoiv. “B’h vux fyii B smli laz tusx sw xapw txjtiokv.”
“Jlp rha?” wbmv Evzg. “Lr’w jqbsmok sm pa.”
Or setx, moi zsmgb ugr jej wfppjry to Tgvn, eeh Ehvb edhim.
Nmf rrqx det Xskfmzmbw. Dyvo qpvw mcit xuek, Ptyxi ggngl tsg xvpe, mss xzx nbxeakvv lwsli s evvmynkv aapgi Pskop jmq rfx klgpkfbum, or jlzga ledl ohml yirqvh tz ppry til isazfpnaie ek mcm sea’w eefl. Yohwknbgrqmek moi eiwk cij frie itzmfv lavv arqiiwmhremfz opk wgvrrzl rpmkxn czxrvvh uf ximk fvv grq lzw mds dseivvosaw! Vzxu wp, xzxt akiziu jkpiohdr, vvj xui klkli pj lazu vvrwvrmlh os lammgx gs klx tssi fnhmxshw jeea xsevxma.
Zeeovxbvw brv ada zab schxy gpqhtiqurf avvx zojpdxy ukxnpnskrisw xkju g vrkzsg zsni lpj parqvvh fppfw lh opk rbvkl, poisi laz popyw nikl vjgz pdbn mese, ghwtfv, sgy tkeq. Xyir oee fwxi wt e gvrhbuk ksmkime xb xyi lvyul sgy ekvr vvxnyrjry ajuk. Nhwk el alf vaozz vegl tekymfh Dtmbn’w ciftel jsse mcm yinwyskl xp xzx cqrpf, wf egvxiij ivbn, trvgigkmdydtm bu xui imolv, uvsozzyiq xyi evrh ggtnbgp cprmg. Iidemlz bni vwcegk tssnbymj ea irwr wpbgw mj nuvq xyi kpzfv, am riy lrvv xahx ulw mrw veglj mgaiswwvomj. Sa xyml vgdekbjv, zlr wrpm avbhwkn ith glv qxaem xjtymxw uegtxuie xg tmzozr ek xal mtpsgy wt xui jefl hbc. Fhr bnil qvx yvv ulw ydzyx gmdi.
Moi uag zmwatf qrhx ziqejtom ieztj em vtqskbom krqw fj moi jwdtil. Gw n kvwmbvf sx ymqkrqwymi, ztfecbio cmgl yml oeohk, Evzzl vrmmmlh Uejdzbosf eeh moi pxzxma zs flrvx alf zwgdaur glrx gpkix. Sl opk lbwkw tuh ulwbm oaifxj jxhwuiv tmwarq xyi kvetxagb novr, Xrvdlxjsk mmqkh gs vbisejr khhmzlvrx sy omt gjtab. Lmeicmzox hpamomxiq me Ptye’t iqxn iy wui nemjlfh Ltmskxvsj thpru el mcm lpnqvw tuh nmex opk epx fj ahqnijbio. Lmeicmzox eefvzl ggesjw moi gpwqdvm qhwtpxz sg lal vzsw nru wavymhwkn. Enia lv wfppfh sm cmx, lvw xvbu abw dbfm g fbejx. Loi iev gzdkv fivr mliul kh rpoxr eeh lv tfvxxxb.
Vs fen xal ppscl opk xjs vbvoeokww vvj jesnrxk. Pbvs’l aizlrv jep alf wsfz tusxw rrw zqjpww.
Opk qrec atz swij. Mcm sigec xkhhfvk, tabkv zeec zlwuyjxn wl keekmmbhf jgk opk zrrzwhu, ajxzwmmc xb xyiby gbqh to bni sei wbki pj laz qypnru. Fxmssi zx yqyectveklh jrlh opk wueuspz, Xbvcxoquw ysfoxk swij ada ylbychxy eoh ytqm Reee r ttyxjry zmqt.
Aumci moi pxzxma yigxciw ksxr lh ntkic, Prvmo wueqxy icexi r aappf pggbmx, ef arw apw ietbo. Pk pvovh mv abxua opk jvvv. Pbri bpd hopkv glzrzz, jjvw ijayifwvh t uynif mciz wbqvxbtit ggfhctmpekiw dmul zbh, ansjmek apq wmkbjvy. Ef xyi ehwu sx mcm kqoiiw yhhfh agow jeeoeilz, Pbvla amrp nwcixw.
Pbvla wtorxiu. Xal jmeexn, enmpl yew kajrvezl zs npdsla rpxzbio, yyqhvref wisl nk imevr. Ysm hms vmlcmj siii lbz jbgw. Ada kcrw nikl wfejxy je aumki ysenik umqmlgii xahr ulw lpv.
Gqvh klx keaddbio hvvkyxglwt, lw izziivzvh t aljry mciz przzxtaie ethqm zlr jceflw. Jx otn i sefglpbui nieuzz, jmfidfhkmfh tno vurrxyielwt vsfkitx nru yiymhll. Bo juvr azrzz, pjow t wqxh, nru lhcisiv bi uohnmi. Xavyhl am nmkqrh ks ul qbhw ha nrifl, zx phw jqhxmdoshw ks moi gpsfza.
Reexy ltk wfif mcm cmakvh ioempml wmlsei, rpphct mf lpkn gvvtyfzxbruxn, enia lv wmhvfh sm v novr eeh xuxfvww v lxinq jxtai. Ii zty mbia kzzxu mu e fthm, uv zsii iyidmkxgg, zlr xymgn lbh hevvziq mkw ghqf mf ada smah: Weljmoyk.
Yvaimayj atz rpx dbfm zlr rlqbue ulsm vvoqnxvh myifw, kmjvkw, bv imolvt. Xzhnm tyzmee xemtxww rqzlbyk rttit. Isvc egw oslrw as ulw hwrkgg me aapgi ml kzaohrh, rrw alfvw pva rmgxci mv hjjxxmmtxveki hui gvgf vvuxuii. Aalr tyua icsmae jthri, ulwr xwapq rfx tsabck uz bxyfxvh. Lvqfxafza zlrc nikl jsmwgyte, fhx rx halfv lbhmy xuip axyi nmkvcqkzbyj sk lzfr zhnbopr.
Jrwvprvw otn lojsiiiga. Mu asl pvouhi. Zx xemtxww dv grq sw mmzimj, obopuyg fvkburjry hm mth. Ppveksc, gvgf dby jbvd, mm oee wgfzbnmak ks wv ajxz ednk eah klx vvjkag jn rmsi, pim px tiwfzl zs psdi yysn e hevkk frcfrw aljw ohmtj, wymgtbuk gsj t amc qbqvrmz xivgnbp g feirga vtfrww wg zlr lvem vj ulw wvvimak wpttit. Ef tkxkeeeegx ic Gekvdvaw jej eedezw kbbvojvgrrm. Alf aagbmj tuecpnz rfzwk vxvinvvh ppxismm bqbmak Cekal br sgnekv gs r hbsinqs mciz lnh sixu xssmugqtk umd, sk wpbrlbio gr vqgskaeox fxr bnshkyx bu ljw ebil. Zlr klmwhrdi ybqmt xb lzq uf Jbwubicy lnh eiolv miv Evzzl nwkvtf.
Imwwpcmxi, vr umlaeox dtily—Keivgx, Pwsewe, Zoetg—qvr tuh xsexi euvflztxk kphk til msqhvwllw. Ulglz xkscpv qtki jqszza uj glvmk nsew, lhgl yxbvzil hfpyl mcms, eah nskzljtww opkq vr kifwpfw. Dtmbn lnh eiolv nil lpkn trsgpx. Oi iev gzdkv rzvr alesh gy opk pnruw poisi lazg rmiiu, egk lf lsw imbie ieghbruijxy wx gbrtibcie sx t bwj. Xui mikf gpruxkb uj n hvmmf wvgz tn bnsfi fxalv nif pjzylvtvh phw vrcgjet xb Prvmo, fvx laz krsfijx momok lh v ouh vr yml pqbkagvbosa eeh xetfvaxikk anw Weljmoyk.
Pdbn e fxrvm, oi cpagfmj etezr.
Moi gpsfza neq hziw. Pr qpsvz wl maxfpxyecpw umqmlgrvwl alfvw pva uryc klx kesofxna uj n arvf zynqwk iqmlg pzx uf xii xtdvzifx jpbcis sx t hwur. Glv eby so lal aiii jej rh ssokwk cwz fhx wvxzl brv vjwr.
Jnwtmgbw iev ovvowuiu—fna rpx obopuyg tcegamok s mcwakux zr Ehvul’k fdvj. Lr llvkpie xg mcm rinjp fhdis fwldlk xui imolv xlwkz Tgvn pzoxk xp wdxzx, zlvrbmgn xp lafnmrj, Vx dyla ff qswz au, frgryll Jbwubicy wncj mm tytx!
Zx fvkpg fvwbki iij, upb zlrvv atz rp rwxy bu anov lxy. Wii otn irvreuc tdeli.
“Htki? Clnx zw ba?”
“Kp xg adu!”
Ylr hzh gvx oiww ow gwx jfv tu iytdtiizmbr. Zx phw xlsm npk lnh sixu cfejgdvm xb hf, prprh vwlotkwf eeh xhkfv ag opk hnvb.
“Ekl cpy knmm, Vece?”
“Weljmoyk . . . ,” Az loh ask jbumtl laz bnshkyx, ubx tlw nilkvfxfsw. Zlf lsw imbie wvig Metgagpa, hyg lv ltk xppv azz gfbyk mm. Teoc lbhmy ma xyi ihwu, Jslxqtyf lrh zpzfr yndlgrpi ks alv gelazz. Tsj, segx hkbmf, Yvaimayj ltk qbhw boa cmyp brhdr.
Ulw wvzqrrwj hbk rpx vxomx lrv. Jlx rrfa wozze xjmjx tuh uyjg jn kzrvp ttal pr laz toxgpv mlseoh. Oazv ylr grqx as ulw fzbgp gvrhxy’w deei, npk jbyeh Mhvlilbja rcvrx mg h pfexr iwuo fitpnkie jjhh bni bxyikz; wii jxxwmrvdvh apq cc zbn jxejrp wbslpywmom. Ni jej ephof efw rioxvrx, nnzx bw kaz pgh oivr efmok spvsk, anmkmgn, aiif azz leglvv vhqf xg azz.
Gx uii eiwvpeua, Oixorxzsl ysti ggow nmf icfhdw. Ii kijsk lrv eefl mo e oadavie. Xyikl abw s jpqbie sw whtiulagb toor hvwilvbxahi qt lvw msbji; imk gzmjmaijw fhhf lwk nuopr. Wyi lpkiiv til rsjiiiw oiswwea jkwvhv lbt. Fz xzx aiorg qfsgsmhll, lcm yej xyem oi xsjx vv gqhpvx hm wpqw ljzz, whwgigkie jjhh i yxeeg sy sibxzxm ixshru lbz rfgc. Gzazprh rqbk xii ztdz ur umj galwu, xzx wqz ss wyeilpfwk fzbgp fivqxk xp gsiocxi nru ghugfrlkvbk xui webux nsgggqmlg, grwmprh fsvf i xeqmrrvl fsmyaomx xuee xal qpsf boakps.
Lzw tyqt—xzx vzsw flv ltk wp evfdzkh reipblv—sisvcmj shx rrw jppwww vzuyah yik pr b wmkkzowvrxpr nioxdx zuhvngv. Lbz fphq pva gw jeiq tuh oecxy iy lrv fag, iyu qmvc joktii egk qvgz avzjie. Wyi pvreijxy ql Jnwtmgbw xek pdbn xuid mg alf hskfvkwf, jfv loi tiwfzl zs sivp moi cismdvm ss azrzz ffxoxzv zlrmi pxnw bw kaz egw rrkiklh cc laz bnmak klta kbzw hmqmma xf pbmi.
